chain turned on the most open television
that the part- time show is never without
doubt the shows he has
characterized the super bowl from its
start with great exponents of the
music as I thought it seduced the public
present in a black leather outfit and
Lace that enhances your life the singer
He also shared the stage with
ex from kate
the euphoria of football fans
American were able to enjoy the
stage was in charge of white
the mythical guitarist of guns roses
slash went under the stage and
he received a loud ovation
paul mccartney is one of the most
remembered of history thanks to its
interpretation with the theme hey jude
the controversial thing can not miss and the sister
from michael jackson shared the
scenario with justin timberlake the former
chelsea plucked a part of the suit from the
jungle leaving a bare chest
before
but michael jackson sent a message of
peace
those elaborated by madonna graphics
managed to impact the audience with a
Egyptian touch and music to the rhythm of
weapons of joe and nicki minaj
my mornings
christina aguilera and enrique iglesias
they will show a true experience
visual and musical with one the more
I do not know what you think is co but for me
It has been the best for me and madonna
the after
the queen of pop
a truly impressive show in
the impressive production the concept
of the show also the whole theme
definitely madonna up
right now is the best presentations
impressive but from the modern era
with which I have left many people like that
like youtube others like this for
that is that youtube they are the
spectacles
of our YouTube channel
so you're always informed of the
latest news from mexico and the world
start right now by clicking on
these videos